Some time ago,
I could spend entire days
talking about Jehovah in the ministry.
That’s why I was so sad when I got sick,
because I was used to being
out in the preaching work.
I feel like I don’t have the strength to do
as much as I used to.
But Jehovah is so great.
He puts into the hearts of his people
the desire to visit me and help me.
They’ve cleaned my house.
They even washed my clothes
and prepared my meals.
It makes me happy to see them arrive,
and I tell them: “It’s so good to see you.
Here you go, have some coffee.”
They bring me tortillas and fruit,
and they say to me:
“Take them. They’re for you.”
They prepared food, brought it over,
and then we ate it together.
I loved that.
I felt so protected,
as if I were surrounded by my children.
The sisters really help me.
A couple of days before our meeting,
they write out my comments in big letters.
Then I can practice them over and over again.
That way,
I can give a comment at the meeting.
But then I am sad when the brothers leave.
I wish they could always be by my side.
Then I remember Jehovah is always with me.
Some time ago, I was in better health.
I could still go out in service.
But the brothers and sisters
have come to my aid.
I’ve been able to go out
in public witnessing with the carts.
I continually see
Jehovah’s support and protection.
It really touches my heart.